welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're looking at bluebeard
a movie that just barely made the cut
because it contains a sufficient
quantity of murder if you're a fanatic
of the craft of puppetry subscribe to
the channel for all the latest news
let's get to it we open
under the bridge downtown where a body
is fished from the river the town is
then warned
via sign to be where a woman's
strangling maniac which is referred to
generically as a blue beard
the women folk then find themselves
under lock and key for the safety of
their delicate necks
this trio heads down the road and bumps
into gaston the town puppeteer they
appreciate his masterful fingers and
make a date for lucille
to come by and experience the erotic
magic of marionette first hand
the audience is entranced as he spins a
yarn about the seven
circles of hell and as a hired help does
their part gaston takes the pleasure of
peeping through a glory hole at the
ladies tight bodices
and sees lucille is so enamored with the
show that she nearly slides off her
chair
after the show they enjoy a chat wherein
gaston offers to paint her portrait and
also offers her job making costumes for
his next show he then heads home to find
jealous renee his prior muse who still
loves him but has been scorned by his
constant flip-flopping she's curious
about how all his new entanglements seem
to be showing up around town
dead much like her now he mostly does
this so he has an excuse to use his
sweet trap door with river access
he spends a little time the next day
identifying the body and answering some
routine questions he then talks to his
wingman about a new play he wants to put
on which means a new woman
and he sends him to fetch lucille they
review some designs together and he
struggles internally with resisting the
desire to squeeze the life out of her
while there she finds his damaged cravat
and repairs it for him
we then learn gaston is painting the
women he murders and his business
manager is selling them which is a
lucrative endeavor
unfortunately he sold the last one to a
collector with a public exhibition space
when the painting is recognized to be a
picture of one of the victims the police
attempt to discover more about the
artist they're eventually led back to
the manager who claims to get the art
through a contact of unknown origin and
who can't be traced
seems legit back at lucille's apartment
we get the 1944
equivalent of a shower scene and i am
titillated
gaston comes calling and meets lucille's
sister francine's
eyes francine later arrives at the
inspector's office to discuss the
bluebeard matter and provide a profile
of the artist as a young murderer they
show the picture around trying to find a
witness but the general questioning of
the town's ding-dongs goes nowhere
so they hatch a plan wherein francine's
wealthy father seeks a commission of his
daughter desiring to have her rendered
in the style of a particular painter
the price is too good to pass up so he
goes to convince gaston to do it
since it's enough to fund his show and
help him find financial freedom he
decides to do this one last job at the
risk of
near certain capture as the business
transaction unfolds the painting begins
unable to pose properly the master
emerges to help her revealing his
identity this gets francine spooked
so he kills her now that she's dead they
have all the evidence they need so her
dad signals the police
but gets it with the candlestick before
they arrive detecting a betrayal gaston
pounces upon
his manager and is surprised to find
that wrapping his fingers around a
gentleman's throat is
somehow more stimulating than his prior
experiences
he then escapes in the mutual state of
confusion the method of his murder
carries a degree of familiarity for
lucille
she goes to confront gaston and finds he
emerges from the shadows with an
unstitched cravat
having left the one she mended at the
crime scene he fesses up but swears he
only killed to feed his artistic
inspiration and that his love for her
has cured him of his dark desires
but he also killed her sister and so he
finds no forgiveness
devoid of redemption he opts to render
her unconscious and then flees from the
police eventually falling into the icy
water of the river
leaving us to presume that he drowned
while back in his apartment we see the
inspectors straight chilling with
lucille
another one down and it was one of the
tougher ones of the bunch it's
interesting to see what passed his
motivation for psychopathy before people
had such ready access to so much true
crime analysis
apparently serial murder is a romantic
affair for creatives
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching